Rosie Smith lights the cauldron beside the Paralympic Agitos logo
Continue reading the main story
London 2012 from the BBC

NI welcomes Paralympic flame
Paralympic torch relay launched
Four Paralympic flames kindled
Relive the Olympic torch relay
Celebrations are under way in Scotland after a cauldron was lit in Edinburgh as part of the Paralympic Games torch relay.

The cauldron on the Mound was lit using a flame created by a team of Scouts on the summit of Ben Nevis.

A series of events is taking place in Edinburgh and Glasgow, culminating in a "Flame Festival" at Meadowbank Sports Centre on Sunday night.

Flames from around the UK will unite before a relay to the opening ceremony.

Cauldrons were lit in London on Friday and Belfast on Saturday, with Cardiff taking its turn on Monday.

In Edinburgh, the honour fell to Rosie Smith, from Glasgow, who was nominated by Capability Scotland.

Rosie led their first Ben Nevis event which involved teams of disabled and non-disabled people working together to conquer the UK's highest peak.


The cauldron was lit by Rosie Smith
The cauldron was put out slightly earlier than planned because of fears the heat might damage a Paralympic logo nearby.

One of those attending the event, Paralympic gold medal winning swimmer Maggie McEleny said it was "amazing" to see a cauldron being lit in Scotland.

She was delighted with the publicity being given to Paralympic sport, which was often in the shadow of its Olympic counterparts.

"We're learning more about the athletes. They train as hard, sometimes harder, because it might take us longer to get to the pool and get undressed," she said.

Locog chairman Seb Coe said: "Created at the summit of Ben Nevis, the Scottish Flame represents an achievement of human endeavour, which is something that every Paralympian represents.

"I invite the people of Edinburgh to show their support for the Paralympic Torch Relay as it travels around the city and help us to lead the way to the Paralympic Games."

Continue reading the main story
Paralympics coverage online


From the BBC:
Paralympics news, sport and more from across the BBC
Sport: Reports, reaction, news
5 live: Audio coverage and commentary
Official travel:
Travel info for Games locations
The day's timetable of events:

1100 - the flame will visit Edinburgh Sick Children's Hospital where patients will be able to hold it in a miner's lantern.
1200 - the flame will visit a community event at Meadowbank Sports Centre, where local disability sports clubs will be holding demonstrations and "have a go" sessions.
1800 - a Flame Festival at Meadowbank Sports Centre. The event will include performances from "Pulse of the Place" Samba band alongside Sing in the City and Edinburgh Signing Choir. Tickets for this free event are available here.
The highlight of the Flame Festival is a lantern procession where 200 children and their families will line the route for eight torchbearers who will carry the flame into the event.

The flame event at the Tramway art-space in Glasgow will include outdoor and indoor activity, dance and music performances, participative arts workshops, recipe exchange and games including boccia and basketball tasters.

The Scottish flame was created by a team of Scouts and people with disabilities when flint was struck against steel at the summit of Ben Nevis.

Other flames created on Scafell Pike, Snowdon and Slieve Donard are being taken round England, Wales and Northern Ireland before coming together at Stoke Mandeville, home of the Paralympic Games, on Tuesday.

From there, the flame will be carried by 580 torchbearers over the following 24 hours to the Paralympic Games opening ceremony on the evening of 29 August.