I have uncovered convincing and clear evidence that Tempest were involved in several more assassination attempts over the years following Perceval's death. A friend in the Foreign and Commonwealth Office unearthed several boxes of documents from the early period of Victoria's reign that seem to be records of a top secret intelligence enquiry set up by Palmerston to investigate Edward Oxford's attempt on her life. Oxford fired twice and missed both times, but it is perhaps surprising that having been charged with high treason he was treated rather leniently by the courts. He was acquitted by reason of insanity and after some time in Broadmoor was allowed to leave for Australia. 

The material sent to me seems to be evidence from the Palmerston enquiry and it is labelled "Thunderstorm", which cannot be a coincidence. It also discusses Lawrence's attempt on Andrew Jackson's life five years before and that puzzled me since it was not apparent at first that there was any connection with Oxford. But Lawrence too was found not guilty by reason of insanity (though he spent the rest of his life in institutions) and the clear parallels between the two incidents (two shots, both missed) are suggestive. I suspect that if the material been made public there would have been an outcry. Fear of an international conspiracy, able to take on the most protected in our societies, could have led to considerable unrest, and I suspect that is the reason for the secrecy surrounding the enquiry itself. 

I had hoped to find other documents directly linked with Tempest communications, but certain files from the enquiry have been redacted or removed and it is unlikely that we will find them now. I tried to contact Harry to see if he could shed more light on the Jackson incident, but my contacts tell me he is involved in the Die Alchemisten project so I can't reach him. In the meantime I continue my research into steganography to see if I can make sense of the Tempest Conspiracy's use of musical notation. AMT