The Tempest Conspiracy appears to have one goal and two instruments. Their goal is to profit from movements in the price of commodities. The instruments they wield in order to achieve this goal are intelligence and terror. The assassination attempts that I have uncovered as the work of the conspiracy were never intended to succeed. Indeed, I am sure that the conspirators knew that if they did succeed the result would be highly unpredictable and it would be hard to benefit from the chaos that ensued. The likely effect of a failed assassination was more amenable to analysis. The steady decline in confidence in the years following the attempted assassination on Victoria led to a decline in the national product of around fourteen percent in four years, from five hundred and eighty two million to five hundred million pounds. Similarly the attempt on Andrew Jackson's life was followed by an increase in the short term interest rate in the United States from seven percent to over eighteen percent. It is clear that those with foreknowledge of these significant events would have been well placed to plan to benefit from them. To truly take advantage of them however the conspiracy developed a second instrument: Tempest is an intelligence network capable of eavesdropping on the secret communications of government and commerce which exploited the introduction of Wheatstone's electric telegraph. Aware of the risk that their own communications might be intercepted they invented their own distribution network, smuggling secrets across the world in music manuscripts using steganography to hide their cunningly encrypted texts. By nineteen fourteen they felt sufficiently confident in their ability to profit from chaos that they triggered the Great War. Sponsoring the assassination of Archduke Ferdinand in Sarajevo, they subsequently made huge profits from both sides in the conflict. In the post war years they triggered hyper-inflation in the Weimar Republic leading ultimately to the current conflict. They appear to have penetrated our own government and the institutions of the City and I am unsure who I can trust with this information. I am exhausted by the work required to break the communication systems in use by the Axis forces and find myself unable to invest the time and energy needed to complete my investigations into Tempest. I will update these notes on the conspiracy as time allows but for now I must turn my full attention to the Bombe.