Charlie and Mark, 
I am sorry you have been caught up in all this trouble. The Tempest Conspiracy is an established criminal/terrorist agency and mixing with them is always bad news. Intelligence agencies across the world have been trying to nail them for nearly two hundred years without any success. Turing came close when he broke their ciphers in the war, but we didn't have the resources to take them on then. With the onset of the Cold War Tempest were a fairly low priority, but the recent collapse in world markets coinciding with your discovery of Turing's papers has enabled me to get security agencies on both sides of the Atlantic to take them seriously again. It is lucky I did. With GCHQ help we have been able to monitor Tempest communications and we know that they are tracking you. I am afraid you really will have to disappear for a while. We have arranged for you to have won a fully funded "gap year" with a charity in Central America run by the United Nations. Operatives in the UN will run cover and channel communications between you and your families while we try to figure out what to do next, but given the reach of Tempest it would be unsafe to lodge you there really. Instead we plan to give you new identities on route, channeling you to an alternative destination through Newark. It is a busy place and if we keep you airside you will just disappear from the system. Hopefully we can keep a security screen to break your trail there. I can't tell you where you are going, at least not in a letter, but I plan to be on the flight to the US and we can talk once we are out of UK airspace. It is crucial that you do not bring anything that can be tracked. No phones, no tablets, nothing of that sort. We will set you up with everything you need when you get there. 
We intercepted the attached Tempest Executive Report from The Director last night and I figure we can spend the flight cracking it (I might as well get started on your training asap). I already transcribed it into the ADFGVX notation but have left the first few lines in musical notation for you so you can see how the steganography looks in case you come across it in the wild 
I hope we can make this disappearing trick work, but I have to be honest, it won't be easy. Be careful, keep your eyes open, and do not be tempted to tell anyone else about it. 

Good luck, Harry